Samsung has had a TV that looks like art
for a while now but high sense has
entered the game with their new canvas
TV and I got to say it looks really good
it's using a 4K qled matte screen so not
only will your movies and TV shows look
great but while it's in its off State
the minimal Reflections really give it
that canvas look my mom wouldn't let me
put it on the fridge so I put it on the
TV it also runs Google TV meaning you
can easily download all of your favorite
streaming apps for your content and if
that's not enough it actually has four
HDMI inputs so connecting all of your
consoles is a brief the biggest
difference is the price compared to the
Samsung frame high sense canvas TV is
$500 cheaper for the 55in model and $700
cheaper for the 65 in model that's the
price of a PS5 Pro so what do you guys
think can a TV be art